Added note about Stacks.js starters interactive CLI (#121)
hirosystems/docs: docs/includes/stacks.js-starters-note.mdx

> If you're building a frontend application and looking for ways to bootstrap it, you can go to [stacks.js-starters](https://github.com/hirosystems/stacks.js-starters) repo to generate the application with everything automatically assembled for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build a frontend application, you can go to [stacks.js-starters](https://github.com/hirosystems/stacks.js-starters) repo to generate the application with everything automatically assembled for you.
```
